hey guys goldbrick here and i'ma try out
about a lego scorpion from the Marvel
Universe so this is a classic version of
him it's kind of a modern version of
them so I guess let's get started
got a green legs first piece Lego
Atlantis divers suit a nickel Club I
think this is the Riddler's face the
mask black helmet and this I think is
from Lego mantis put that on there now
for a second here we're gonna put this
aside I'm gonna start building the tail
so we need this piece like this I need
this a little piece right there that
plugs in then leave this piece turn that
in this claw and the sorry about that
green toxic symbol looks like you're
gonna put that here
it's the tail yeah bring him back and
there you go they go scorpy uh hope you
like this guy's um thanks for watching
subscribe see you later keep building